this lesson.
We're gonna be looking at the bootstrap motile,
and that's one of my favorite boots.
Dropped components.
I use it all the time.
I don't like the way that alerts look,
and Moto's provide us a nice,
easy,
clean way to communicate with the users.
So it's a little bit better than alerts,
and the users usually have to take CYP I've of action to either close it,
Uh oh,
are there's additional form information or something that gets submitted.
So this is just information boxes that pop up,
and they're relatively easy to set up.
An idea for the motel's is that usually there's a button or an event to launch the model.
You can launch the motives using JavaScript as well.
So there's an option down here with the bottom where you can select the mortal and you can
toggle the view of the motile,
so showing the mortal hiding the motile.
And there's also different ways different types of motives.
So there's are extra large motile.
There's a large motile,
and then there's the small motile.
And then there's the in between,
which is the regular mortal,
and these air all again adjusted via classes really easy to set up,
and as I said,
it provides a great way to communicate with your users to provide them some additional
information about what's happening within your website.
So in order to set up a motel so usually what first thing I like to do is I like to create
a way to trigger the motile.
So we just do a typical button and you can do it in any number of ways.
And even with JavaScript,
you can trigger mortals to pop up,
and this is just a regular button button and we'll have a success button for this,
and I'll just say,
Click me and that will open up the mortal.
And we do need to apply some attributes in order to yet the mortal functionality.
So this is data toggle,
and the data toggle is gonna be for a mortal and then the other and,
of course,
most important one.
So these targets are the most important way to connect it because,
of course,
you can have more than one motile and connect it via the I D.
So use the hash and the idea that you're going to use in order to connect it to the motel.
So the bootstrap knows what you're trying to show and what elements should be showing up.
And then,
typically with the motels themselves,
you might have them at the bottom of the page.
I gotta add in the motile right down here,
way at the bottom.
So first will give it an I.
D.
So out of the main content.
So make sure that the I d matches with what you're trying to open,
and we also have to give it a class.
So a class of motile so that boots Trump knows this is a mortal.
So when I create that and because it's got a class of mortal,
it's not going to show up.
If I remove it,
then it does show up.
So make sure it has a class of mortal and that will hide the pop up motile.
And so now when you click it,
you're going to see the pop up mortal.
But it's not really formatted grade,
and there's doesn't seem to be any way to close it.
Eso This is something that we need to take care of,
and that's why it's important that you include all of these options within the model so you
can get it to run just by having the I d and the class of motile.
But as we saw,
it doesn't look great and there are some additional options that we can add in.
We can even add in how it's supposed to act so with the feed and how it's gonna show up.
So let's add in the additional classes,
so we'll create a class to wrap the content and this is called motile dialogue.
So we're going to wrap the motile pop up content with that,
so it's looking a little bit better.
At least it's center now,
but we still don't have a way to close the motor,
so we do definitely need a way to close the motel.
So we've got the motile dialogue so the content contained within here.
So this is essentially where we've got the motile content and that's the next class that we
need to apply is the motile dash content,
and this will indicate that this is part of the content of the motel.
I'll just slightly and then that.
So now we've got mawr of what looks like a model,
and we can actually click off it into the great out area and close the motel,
so it's looking a little bit better.
But of course,
always better to apply all of the styling,
and you can add in headers as well.
So that's contained within the motile content and give it a class of motile dash header
show you what that looks like.
So we click that we got the little header section,
more structure to the motel.
And then we've got the motile content,
and there's also the mortal body as well.
So this is where we would typically place the content.
So I give this one a class off motile body,
and we've got several layers for the motel at the end.
So it goes all the way down,
so there's a bunch of classes within other classes,
so everything is within content,
and then everything within the content there's a header.
There's a body option,
and that's the mean kind of area for the model was starting to look better and better,
and this is also responsive in the size it will always track to the middle.
So it's the really nice thing about motels they really present well for users and to
provide that information.
So the other thing that we want to add in is one away to close the mortal.
And we can put that within the motile header,
and this could just be a button.
And there's some styling that bootstrap allocates for it.
So type,
button and class,
and the class is close.
This is creating a close object and data dismiss and what we want to miss dismiss is the
motile and will do.
Ah,
span.
You can put an X here if you want,
or you could use the and times which looks a little bit better and has had to refresh it
there.
So there's the clothes.
So this is what users would typically be expecting.
They need a way to close the motile that's popping up.
So once they've read the message,
the action that they want to take you can also have multiple ways to close.
The motel SI can also have a button within the mortal,
so it may just copy this button and we'll make it look different,
so it's gonna be within the mortal body,
and this is just providing the users another way to close eso give it a class and it's not
gonna be class close to be a class button and then button whatever we want to give it color
and we'll get rid of the close and we'll just say close.
We got to see it again.
So there's are close button,
so this will take the same action where it's gonna close it.
So anything that's saying that Data dismissed motile,
it will dismiss the motile,
and that's going to apply to whatever mortal it's in.
So if you have a few mortals and I'll give this one motile too,
so that we have two different models and give up,
create recreate the button and I like this 1 to 2,
and this could be a warning and refresh so that opens that motile that one opens that
motile.
You can't have two at the same time,
but they are.
That's how you can have multiple models and a lot of cases you will have multiple models.
There's also with JavaScript so you can for those of you that want to script it,
and often times I do script with the mortals because there's some added functionality
that's good toe.
Have within the motels.
So if you do have some type of script where you've got another event listener and its
listing for event and you want to close the motile,
you can always select the motile object with J coury and whatever the motile I d is and
using the hash for the I d.
And then there's ah,
method called motile and you can toggle the motel or you could close it,
you could hide it or you could show the Moto.
So by default,
if you wanted to load the page and show the motel,
it would automatically show in the motel.
Also,
toggle will show it because it's hidden.
So if we load the page,
it's gonna show in the motel.
And this is how you can control the motile using bootstrap action.
There's also a way to have an event listener for the mortal,
So I'm gonna put it on the other motile So motile to is gonna have the event listener on it
and on,
and this is the selection of the class.
So it's Bs.
Motile is the class and we can have ah console message and run whatever cold we want to run
so just say hello.
So this is just an example for those of you that are interested in the JavaScript.
A query that what's gonna happen now with Motile too?
And whenever I close it,
I was gonna refresh the page.
So whenever we open up number two because remember,
this code is sitting on motile too.
And I click close Whenever you close the motile,
we can run some code.
We could also do it on open says number of options with the JavaScript However you want to
run the mortal s So if you have something else that you want to happen whatever the users
finished with the motile,
you can run the code within here within this script tags.